post1: A Big Day To Remember
Being 9th among 183 from all over Bangladesh in our first onsite Hackathon means we can be best in time In Sha Allah.This is our first time.We tried our best and thankfully it worked.Now we 
gain the trust in ourself ..we will do even more....

post2: Let's Get Connected
I have made a new site for all of us to join and stay connected with the vibe coding and Technologies Research (CENTER), is pleased to announce the rescheduled date for our upcoming technical session, "Kickstart Your Network & IoT." This session is designed to provide comprehensive insights into the evolving landscape of the Internet of Things and modern networking.
post3: নির্বাসন কিংবা নির্বাসিত
নির্বাসন কিংবা নির্বাসিত,
কেবল কি তাহা সামষ্টিক?!
হতে পারে একক আর ব্যাক্তিক!
গৃহকুনো সত্তা,মনস্তাত্ত্বিক নিপীড়িত তো আছে- ই
সুদূর প্রবাসগামী কিংবা প্রত্যন্তে থাকা শিক্ষালাভী,
হোক কর্মজীবী, গৃহী কিংবা বৈরাগী!
যে সত্তা কহিতে পারে না সকল মনোকথা,
অব্যক্ত আর পরিত্যাজ্য যে প্রাণ,
সে সত্তাই নিরব নির্বাসিত।.

post4: A New start
UIU English Language Forum proudly congratulates the Team Absolute  Protein Powder, of Md Masum Mizi, Md Zarif Ahmed and Fardeen Jahangir, on winning the “Best Product Potential” award at UIU Hack day 2026 (Category 3).Their innovative project, “Us” an AI-powered, gamified couples’ conflict resolution app, stood out for its creativity, impact and real-world potential. This achievement reflects the dedication, teamwork and forward-thinking mindset of our talented UIU community. Wishing them continued success and many more milestones ahead!.

post5: Let's Do Our Best
We are selected for our final ...now its just some steps far....hope we will get i and Technologies Research (CENTER), is pleased to announce the rescheduled date for our upcoming technical session, "Kickstart Your Network & IoT." This session is designed to provide comprehensive insights into the evolving landscape of the Internet of Things and modern networking.
post6: My Peace of mind
Art is more than expression—it is sacrifice, passion, hard work and endless imagination weaving dreams into reality. This man painted his world into existence. In my most worst moment ,i do as many painting I can.
post7: Vail OF Aroma
Guys i am trying to produce my own perfume ...can you guys check and give me review and I’ll try  to do better from your feedback. 
post8: What a Heck Day
UI feel more powerful after todays heckday consultancy.It enriches my mind .It is pleased to attened the workshop... for our upcoming technical session, This session is designed to provide comprehensive insights into the evolving landscape of the Internet of Things and modern networking.
post9: Love Creating Map Animations!!!
EditianStudio is hiring! We are looking for a Map Animator and Motion Graphics Artist to help us create high-quality animated content ".We can explor and if we want we can learn many things..
post10: Presentation Championship
what a day...I have learn so many things fron this championship...
post11: Heckathon Journey
From 2024 to now, my heckathon journey was the best time...I have learned so many things. It changed my views for all the except.....
post12: Kickstarting Robotics and IOT Journey
UIU Robotics Club, in collaboration with the Center for Emerging Networks and Technologies Research (CENTER), is pleased to announce the rescheduled date for our upcoming technical session, "Kickstart Your Network & IoT." This session is designed to provide comprehensive insights into the evolving landscape of the Internet of Things and modern networking.


